in today's video we will be going
through the 2010's british science
fiction horror film monsters spoilers
ahead you have been warned make sure to
give this video a thumbs up comment on
what your favorite part was and
subscribe to our channel for more
six years ago nasa had found the
possibility of alien life in our solar
system to investigate it further they
sent a space probe the craft was
successful in collecting alien samples
but when re-entering the earth's
atmosphere it broke in mexico not in the
u.s this time very soon new life forms
began to appear in the cities and half
of mexico was quarantined the aliens are
now referred to as the creatures and
have wreaked havoc on the country for
the past six years but it's considered
normal now people go out for a nice cup
of tea and come across a massive land
octopus with wiggly legs and it's
treated as a normal day in mexico oh and
the land creature wiggly legs will kill
any human that comes in front of them
mexico and the us military are still
fighting the wiggly things they drop
bombs missiles and whatnot but the
creature's population keeps on
increasing rapidly every year just then
something happens presumably an alien
attack we see bodies lying on the floor
and a massive wiggly creature on the top
of a billboard she is the queen of the
world now something tells me the
creature is a she we see all this in a
blurry night vision camera because the
budget of the movie was really low i'm
not even kidding the side actors you see
throughout the movie are random
bystanders the film costs way less than
500 000 to make and made over 4 million
in the cinema hugo penny pinching
director more blurry camera shooting and
growling later we see the aftermath of
the attack the following day
andrew calder is a photojournalist who
takes pictures of the aftermath of the
alien attacks and makes money off of it
but he is our protagonist so he probably
has a good reason behind it he gets a
call from his boss whose daughter
samantha winden had come to mexico for
vacation yes to a place infested by
deadly aliens for vacation the boss
wants andrew to take samantha to the
nearest train station and send her back
to the us although it's not andrew's job
he agrees because poor samantha is a
damsel in distress and he has to be a
hero he also has a son back home whose
birthday he is missing to get poor sam
home sam has problems of her own she
doesn't want to marry her fiance her
problem is as intense as the alien
attack don't judge her the two get on
the train and it leaves on their way
loud bombings are heard nearby the
creatures are in a battle with the
military poor salmon heroic andrew both
are distressed because the train has to
return back to its track but they really
have to take sam home so they get off
the train in the middle of nowhere they
take shelter in a local home at night
the strangers inform them of a
quarantine of six months to be
implemented in two days if sam cannot
cross the border in 48 hours she will be
stuck in mexico for the next six months
the next morning andrew takes pictures
of the local people in poison masks and
the two leave for the border they
hitchhike with some people and go nearer
to the heavily infested zone they take a
bus to the next village throughout the
journey andrew takes pictures of the
locals sam tries to shame andrew for the
job he does taking pictures of the harm
profiting off people's misery but our
protagonist claps back saying that her
father is the one who pays heavily for
the dying children's pictures sam
understands her hypocrisy and shuts up
the two finally arrive at the port where
sam's ferry ticket costs andrew 5 000
he is not happy but does it anyway they
get a ferry for the following morning
they check into a room and steamy
awkward conversations follow when sam
comes out of the shower in just a towel
at night the two go out to eat some
street food and have fun forgetting the
wigglies for a while and just enjoy
themselves they also talk about their
lives outside the alien infested zone
but really it's just sam whining about
her fiance who she hates andrew flirts
with her the whole time however the
following morning he wakes up with some
other girl in his bed nice going andrew
sam knocks on his door and is visibly
upset to see the other girl although she
has a fiance back home a pang of
jealousy hits her she asks him for her
passport to get on the ferry but andrew
[ __ ] up big time during the drunk
night he lost her passport nice going
again andrew he asks the guy who he paid
five thousand dollars to but doesn't get
any help the fairy then leaves and the
two are back at square one but they have
one last idea left they have to cross
through the most alien infested area the
red zone i never said the last idea was
a good idea but sam really has to go
back to her unloving fiance so they
decide to take the chance however going
through the red zone will cost them ten
thousand dollars that our protagonist is
unwilling to pay sam offers the man her
ring worth twenty thousand dollars since
andrew cannot let go of the extra ten
thousand dollars he decides to trade his
life instead he joins sam on her journey
to the infected zone they pretend to be
medical workers from america who have
lost their passports and the people
believed them they finally got on a boat
and make their way to the border if
you're thinking how they haven't
encountered a creature yet you'll be
happy soon sam has the best luck ever
first that train was turned back then
they lost their passports and now the
only boat that was supposed to get them
home breaks down midway the people try
to repair it but cannot it's now night
time andrew is obviously annoyed that
their twenty thousand dollar trip isn't
going as planned just then a loud
screech denotes a creature approaching
they see it swimming towards them andrew
starts taking pictures of it and sam
scolds him the creature recognizes our
protagonists and goes right back into
the water to help the director stretch
the movie further how kind of it when
they reach the shore a group of scary
looking men with guns await them their
job is to safely take the two to the
other side but they are scared by a
cow's mooing they sit around a bonfire
at night and talk about different things
sam asks the guys if they are scared of
the creature i don't know if she's
trying to be philosophical or is
genuinely pet stupid the guys reply that
if they don't bother the creatures the
creatures don't bother them they only
get wild when the missiles and bombs are
launched on them when asked why they
drop the missiles the guys take them to
the infected trees it turns out that the
creatures lay eggs on tree branches when
the egg hatches the creature crawls to
the water and eventually comes out in
his adult that is how they reproduce
after an hour-long lesson on alien
reproduction they go to sleep but just
then the missiles and bombs start
exploding nearby the place is being
attacked by the military which means the
creatures will soon go wild the men
quickly get on their jeep but andrew
starts looking for his camera we all
have priorities andrew but you are just
plain stupid they are stopped again by
the creatures all the men wear poison
masks leaving none for their customers
andrew asks everyone what is wrong even
though it's pretty obvious then they
finally see a large creature in front of
them picking up a car with its wiggly
limbs andrew is about to pee his pants
but the creature knows he is the main
person in the movie so he has nothing to
worry about the two stay in the car as
the other men shoot several rounds of
fire at the massive creature they seem
to be doing no harm to the creature
whatsoever it kills most of them as the
duo hides the creature walks right past
their car but doesn't do anything they
get out of the car in the morning andrew
goes around looking for his camera and
finds it with a corpse all the people
they came with are dead he takes the
camera and two poison masks the two then
pay their respect to the dead and
continue the journey on foot the car
they stayed the night in is fine don't
ask me why they don't take it after
walking for a while sam sees a massive
man-made pyramid they climb on top of it
and see that they are near the wall that
separates mexico and the u.s they
continue again and finally reach the
border however on the other side too the
houses are deserted they see a massive
dead body of a creature on top of a
house andrew of course doesn't forget to
take pictures of the surroundings he's
going to make bags out of this trip as
they look through the place they see an
old dirty looking woman nearby sam asks
her if there is anyone around the woman
replies with absolute gibberish it means
i'm insane get away from me andrew and
sam seem to understand and get away from
her however they see no one else around
the two then decide to walk along a
deserted highway until they reach
somewhere with people as they do they
reach a gas station but it has no one
inside luckily for them it has a working
phone andrew quickly calls for help and
the lady on the other end informs him of
an army patrol coming to rescue them the
two finally have hope then andrew calls
his son and wishes him a happy birthday
he breaks down crying when the kid tells
him that he misses him sam two calls her
father and tells him they are safe sam
is inside the station while andrew was
out when the wiggly limbs reappear a
massive creature is on the roof of the
place it cannot look inside but it seems
like it's checking if someone is in by
the movements of its limbs sam quickly
turns off the tv and the creature leaves
her alone although andrew is in clear
sight of the creature it doesn't attack
him the usual protagonist thing another
creature joins the first one and the two
wrap their limbs around each other they
might be greeting each other playing or
mating we will never know sam and andrew
watch in awe as the creatures hug and
then separate the creatures then go away
but who arrives the patrol officers one
would think that our protagonists are
relieved but no sam says that she
doesn't want to go home after all this
trouble so many deaths cost to get you
home and now you don't even want to go i
am team sam's fiance the two kiss
finally but just then the patrol
officers separate them claiming that
it's not safe here the movie ends
abruptly with that what do you think
happened to them i don't care
thanks for watching make sure to like
the video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to the channel to see more of
these movie summaries